Well, we got the four C's. We got Connor
Dalt back, CMO of Grunes.
>> Really, the the CMO role, I find, is
frustratingly different across
industries and across organizations.
>> There are many brands that spend way
more on marketing than any of us. But I
think the way that you can kind of
arbitrage that lack of spend compared to
others is just by saying things in
consistent ways and building that
repetition in the consumer's mind.
>> I believe it's my hypothesis that this
is going to be the best way for us to
reach new people. Where are you
overinvesting time and energy that you
don't think is yielding productive
outcomes? And there's a million things
that we can dive into for how do you
solve that with resourcing, with AI
tools, with just dropping stuff that
wasn't priority.
I've been eating my Grins daily, dude.
>> Same here.
>> If you've been wondering why I'm like
I'm looking so youthful and healthy,
>> it's 80% of consumers are eating them
daily after 3 months.
>> That's a retention number. Yeah. Yeah,
we ran this massive consumer survey and
uh we wanted to get a sense of daily
habit. I'm with you, dude. I eat them
now. I'm eating 24 gummies a day,
though, because we've got two new
product lines at our launch. So, I'm I'm
like at I'm 25% gummy right now, dude.
Honestly, like, so I was doing the
create gummies for a bit, but I just
switched to the powder cuz I was getting
gummy fatigue quick. I'm like, I can't
just wake up every day and just like
cram my face full of gummies. Like, it
just it it's not scalable.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But uh most Americans are
under fibered. So really you should
think of it as your ability to catch up
on fiber which is feeding the gut
microbiome. So you're making Hebrewman
proud.
>> Good.
>> I'm at uh 12 gummies today or or a day.
So I got my eight Grun's gummies and
then I do my three to four create
gummies.
>> Yep.
>> And then I just ordered Mudwater just
launched like a uh like a protein
powder. Yeah. That's really tasty. They
they launched a really awesome product.
It's like pea based protein and then
they have a bunch of neutropics and
adaptogens in there, probiotics. It's
really good. It's like 180 calories,
too. So, it's got some good some good
satiating uhness to it. So, that's my
current like that's my current stack.
Well, I want to know if Cody's take
Cody, do you have any gummies in the mix
right now or are you gummy?
>> Dude, I'm on the I'm on the res I love
how we're saying I'm on it like it's
like a stack. I'm on the raspberry
lemonade. The limited edition Grun
Raspberry Lemonade and I got my daughter
on the Grun's Cubs. So, you know,
>> nice.
>> How's she like
>> holding it down? She's loving it. Dude,
I tried to get a video the first time
cuz you you sent them to us and she
literally tried to open the cabinet to
get more after she finished the
ravenous children.
>> Yes.
>> We we talk a lot about how like how you
introduce cubs to your kids can dictate
their experience with them. If you
introduce cubs like the the Grun Cubs
product, if you introduce it as like,
hey, this is like a healthy vitamin but
it's a gummy bear. Kids are, I think,
skeptical, but if you just introduce it
as a treat that they get once a day, put
some scarcity into it, it's like basic
marketing tactics with your kids.
>> Well, it's it's one of her potty snacks
right now, so she's potty training. So,
this is one of like the high a high high
currency potty snacks,
>> dude. Save this for dad operators.
>> How do you say what's one more than
cubed? How do you say that?
>> Anyone?
>> Quaded.
>> Quatted. We got see quatted today. Uh,
feels good to have everyone back
together. We got Connor Dalt back,
friend of the pod officially, I think
once you once you've hit two or more
airings. Uh, first time Connor was here
with Carowway. We had some awesome
conversations about digital product, but
now he is here as the CMO of Grunes. And
you know, our one of our like content
like strategies with the marketing
operators is basically to see what the
operators do and then one up them
whenever we can. So, like, you know, we
we think we they had Chad on last week.
It was a great podcast, but we're pretty
confident we can one up we can one up
the the Chad Operators podcast. So, so
that's the goal for today, setting the
bar high. Uh before we get into it,
thank you to the sponsors, Motion
Pression, AI, Afterell, Rich Panel, and
Revo. If you enjoy the show, make sure
to like it, subscribe, share with your
marketing friends.
[Music]
I want to talk to you quickly about
Motion's new AI creative strategists.
These are AI agents built by
best-in-class DTOC operators. And what's
unique about these is that you are using
agents to analyze your creative using
real data from your meta ad account.
It's like Chat GPT, but way more
relevant with way more context. So,
Connor Roland, I I ran some of these
this morning. Let me let me walk you
through them. So, uh a couple quick
things here. One, these are you see in
the top right of your motion dashboard,
you have accountwide tasks that you can
have these AI agents run. But the first
one I want to show you actually is uh
Jess Bachman's critique this ads
messaging which is at the ad level. So
this is our best performing creative
last week. You can run this task here.
I've got it open here as well. And what
we hear from Jess is that one he loves a
concept instant uh differentiation. But
what I found interesting and kind of
painful as always when you realize
there's ad creative that you don't
absolutely love. We use the headline
almost as rare as winning the lottery.
These are like one of eight unique
designs. And Jess says that is
hyperbolic and undermines credibility.
And I 100% agree. I took this to my team
and we're taking action on it.
>> Yeah, I love it. I think this stuff
takes a lot of time to manually do. Like
you could your creative strategist,
especially at brands that are at the
scale of of Ridge, like your creative
strategist could spend all day every day
just like looking through top performing
ads and low performing ads and just
trying to come up with reasons why they
work or don't work and like what the
next steps are. So, I don't think that
this agent necessarily totally replaces
that, but now you're starting at level
five instead of level zero. So, the
amount of time it saves you is is huge
and it just empowers your team to go and
action things instead of sitting there
and kind of getting stuck in analysis
paralysis all day long. The second task
I ran was find new customer personas by
Jimmy Slegel and Alex Cooper. They have
an agent called Marvis. And this one was
cool. I got to upload 500 reviews and
then it identified people that we might
not be speaking to or can better build
persona funnels around which we talk
about on marketing operators all the
time. Um, and I thought this was
extremely helpful. Traveler with tech. I
mean, between our luggage, between our
wallets, between our power banks, this
is like exactly who we want to speak to.
So, I felt they nailed identifying some
some new and maybe underserved personas
for us. I feel like this is so
important. I talk to marketers and brand
operators every now and again and
they're like ah like we're at 10 million
20 million we've hit a wall with meta
and I ask them some some kind of point
of questions and they haven't launched
new creative in a long time and I think
this right here is like the absolute
starting point for brands that have
maybe hit a wall or haven't hit a wall
are just looking to continue to scale
cuz how do you scale meta? Well, you
reach new people. How do you reach new
people? you create ads that speak to
those people and like this is such an
amazing starting point for that and it's
based on your real reviews. Like what
better trustworthy place to start?
>> 100%. That's all to say Motion is giving
teams an AI adoption cheat code making
it accessible to every DTOC advertiser
and best yet you don't need a motion
contract to use this. You can try these
agents for free. Test them out in your
motion account today. So try it out at
motionapp.com.
>> All right, sweet. Let's get into it. So
Connor, I got so many questions for you.
Like you were uh crushing it at
Carowaway. Um honestly like made made a
move that I think was is probably hard
for a lot of would be hard for a lot of
marketers to to do. Like Carowway is
very much growing at a rapid rate right
now. Most most like people in your role
probably wouldn't have jumped ship,
right? They're like, "Well, I'm going to
keep riding this this wave and and keep
compounding all the work I've done
here." Um you jumped shipped to Grunons
what three four months ago? Yeah, it was
in in end of February. So, what five
months? Five and a half months now.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool. Cool. And like obviously, you
know, Grun has, you know, I think it's
really cool how Chad was so like no one
no one really knew how well Grun was
doing until the the news came out about
the the raise and and the valuation
associated with it. And now it's like,
you know, every other tweet from Sean
Frank is about gummies, which I love.
Um, but I I guess where I wanted to
start is like what's the most
challenging part about coming into a
brand as their marketing leader when the
brand's already humming? Like it's uh I
feel like that's an interesting position
to be in. I feel like most of the time
you're coming in and like maybe it's not
working as well as it could and like
there's some obvious things to to
change, but like for my conversation
with Chad, it's like you guys have a
great team. you had a great team and
like you were like one of the final kind
of puzzle pieces to like building out
the great marketing stack. So like I
guess a few subcomponent questions to
that larger questions like what does
getting onboarded and downloaded look
like and like your whole process of
auditing or like getting up to speed and
then like how do you decide kind of like
what to focus on and like maybe insert
yourself into slashchange versus like
hey this is crushing this is working
like I'm not going to not be involved
but like let's just let this thing ride.
like what what has that process looked
like over the last 6 months?
>> I was trying to find a good kind of uh
analogy to help describe what the
experience was like and I kept coming
back to uh Chuck Daly was the coach of
the Pistons for the 92 Dream Team. And
he had to like work with some of the
best basketball players on the planet
and not teach them how to play
basketball, but just help them run a
more productive offense, run a better
defense, um and just figure out how to
play well together as a team. That's
what my experience with Guns has felt
like. So far, there's just world-class
people uh everywhere inside of this
business. So, I didn't really, you know,
join with the intent of causing
immediate disruption, right? I think
with Caroway, I joined a little bit uh
from a different vantage point as coming
in as head of growth. Like I think
within a week, I was in ads manager and
kind of being like, "Oh, why is this
campaign architecture like this? How do
we start to make some tweaks and kind of
win from that angle?" With Guns, it's
way different, right? There's so much
solid baseline and foundation
established. So, the first thing I did
was I actually did a I kind of sent out
a Slack the the night before I started
and just gave everybody on the team
expectations of what I'd want to be
talking through over the next couple of
weeks. And it was basically just a
massive download of everything that
you've been working on and trying to
point out. I wanted to discover a few
things. One is where are you
overinvesting time and energy that you
don't think is yielding productive
outcomes? And there's a million things
that we can dive into for how do you
solve that with resourcing, with AI
tools, with just dropping stuff that
wasn't priority. And then just starting
to, I think, help the teams figure out
how to work with one another to compound
what they were doing to have bigger
effects. So like you know the growth
team was running all of these funnels
and pursuing all these angles and um
building out personas and just making
sure that that had connective tissue
into the site experience and into the
retention flows and into what
influencers and brand teams were talking
about. So I've spent a ton of my time
just kind of diagnosing a couple of
those pieces, right? And um it's been
awesome to just see what this team's
been capable of. And it's not easy to
grow as quick as Grun's had. And um
yeah, it's been really impressive to
see.
>> That's interesting. And yeah, that's
something I've been talking a lot about
on the show and and doing a lot of at
Hexclad is just like
I call it like branding campaigns and
just creating a lot more cohesiveness
across the entire marketing stack and
and like I just think it's not even
worth doing something if you're not
going to think about how it how it
intersects across multiple channels. Cuz
to your point, like sure, you could do a
badass ad with a really unique fun
angle, but like if the if the landing
page destination isn't speaking to that,
if the post-purchase experience isn't
speaking to that, um it's it's not
really going to scale. Okay, that's
interesting. So I What about like So you
you kind of hit on this, but like
tactically speaking, because I feel like
it seems overwhelming, right, to like
come into that type of team and and be
like, god, like how do I learn
everything and get downloaded and like
where do I even start? Like do you have
any any tips or tricks on like more like
tactically speaking like so you
mentioned the Slack message and like you
asked people to kind of like do a brain
dump and then you met with them to talk
through it but like could you even break
that out into like steps of like how you
got up to speed in in such a you know a
quick fast growing org.
>> Yeah I I definitely can't you want to
come with a bunch of experience that um
can kind of guide the initial places
that you want to go investigate time.
So, um, but you also want to be, uh,
cognizant of the fact there is no
one-sizefits-all playbook. I've already
had a bunch of examples of stuff that
was just tried and true and such a
difference maker for what we did at
Carowway and it just doesn't translate
one for one into the world of
>> Yes. Yes. So many things, creative
types. Um, you talk about campaigns, you
know, at Carowway that was a muscle we
really started building over the last
two years. um you know putting a ton of
emphasis into Mother's Day and other
kind of um Ashley furniture holidays and
that yet has yet to prove to be a
massive lever for us at Grunes, you know
what I mean? And so there's nuance in
industry and category in space. Um
>> as far as I I didn't want to, you know,
uh lead the witness too much with my
teams though. I wanted to say like help
me understand a lot of those kind of
choke points and where you're feeling um
you know stressed out or underresourced
and I really just kind of was on a
listening tour for the first couple of
weeks and started to find my places to
to begin to plug in. Now, there were
tons of just kind of like lowhanging
fruit opportunities, right? Some of the
ways that we were uh building out a
creative process and leveraging UGC.
That was a place where I was like, "Oh,
here's what we had had done prior at
Carowway with how we were doing a little
bit more prescriptive briefing. We were
having briefs be reflective of kind of
point in year and finding a lot of
success with that. Why don't you guys
start weaving that into your process and
hopefully we can find some quick wins."
Do you mean like when you say point in
year, do you mean like uh like making
more seasonal uh type in creatorled ads
where it's like speaking to a certain
time of the year and a certain moment?
>> Exactly. Yeah. Valentine's Day. Here's,
you know, how I settle in for an at home
dinner date with my
>> my person using Careway, you know, and
that that just proved to be really
really um repeatable and successful and
helped us kind of always feel on the
nose and culturally relevant, I think,
with Carowway. So, um, yeah, I I tried
to just work with the teams to say,
"Help me understand where I can help you
immediately." And I wanted to see what
they kind of led with cuz what you don't
want to do is come in with all of these
assumptions about stuff that's going to
work with no context and just
immediately start throwing ideas at the
wall and then be met with a bunch of
tried that, doesn't work that way, uh,
can't do it for such and such reason.
So, I promised the team that I would
come in and challenge convention. I was
like, if the answer is this is just how
we do things that I'm going to press on
and really try to um you know pressure
test and make sure that that's still the
right decision for the brand. But
everything else I did want to kind of
let the team lead and say, "Hey, tell me
where you think we can work together and
projects to begin to work on and again
knock off some lowhanging fruit." And
then I started to build my my kind of
game plan for bigger longer term
projects that I wanted to start um
pursuing across the entire um marketing
org. A lot of it was that stitching
together and cohesion of messaging,
touch points, leaning into moments a
little bit more. How do we think about
offer testing and how that uh sort of
proliferates across the entire marketing
stack? Some of those kind of like larger
lift items, but not ones that were
immediately deployable.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Like I mean I I've learned
that I feel like now cuz we set we set
all of our targets on a quarterly tempo,
but like it's it's the channel lead's
responsibility to pitch me basically.
It's like I'm not I'm not the one
bringing most of the net new ideas to
CRO or paid. It's like no, I want you to
come pitch me like what you're the
retention like you're the retention
lead. Like you know this part of our
program better than anyone. You know
where the opportunity is. Like so do I.
But like I want you to pitch me all the
things you think we should do and then
I'll like give you feedback and I'll add
in a few of my own ideas. But it's like
empowering the team to be the the driver
of the strategy. And like I think the
the quickest way to probably not get off
on the right foot with with the Grun's
team would have been for you to come in
and be like here's all my ideas. I don't
have any contact from you guys yet, but
I'm just going to like dump my ideas on
you. But that's not the approach you
took at all. It's like you listened, you
heard.
>> Totally.
>> Totally. And I want I want the team to
know that I'm not here because any of
them are lacking in ability, right?
That's not that's not why Chad wanted to
bring in this role. It's to start to tie
these teams together. There's so many
incredibly effective people leading all
of these functions on the marketing
team. It was just kind of missing the
head to bring it all together. The other
area that I really, and as marketers,
you guys know this, especially the types
of marketers you are, the other person I
spent the most time with when I got
started was our CFO, uh, which fun fact
also named Connor. So, not not only not
only am I not
>> not only am I not the the go-to DTOC
Connor, I'm also in the halls of grooms.
Not even if you say Connor, the one that
people think of. So, um, no. So, Connor
Stass is our CFO and he is just an
absolute titan of a CFO. Um, and he him
and I just spent so much time getting
acquainted and he knows this business
from a numbers perspective. is an
incredibly surgical operator of those
numbers. So I spent a lot of time with
him just understanding how the model's
been built. How do we set a demand plan?
What are some of the levers that you've
been pressing? What are some of the
forecast and targets that we're trying
to hit? Where are you feeling like in
the year we might be experiencing some
stressors? How do I work with our growth
and retention and ecom teams to stack
levers to make sure that we're able to
hit those targets? So unit economic
profiles, we spent just so much time
just getting to to know the business so
I could get the foundation there. And
then the other piece that I really
wanted to arm the team with was a much
cleaner sense of priorities of metrics
that I felt they needed to be held
accountable for that we knew if all of
those metrics were being hit and those
those KRs were being hit, it would
ladder into the business hitting its
overall targets from a revenue
perspective. Mhm.
>> If you run a DDC brand and you're still
throwing all your budget at Meta and
Google, it might be time to add a
smarter, more profitable channel to the
mix. Let's talk about Rock Dads. Rock
Dads put your brands directly on the
checkout pages of premium e-commerce
sites right in front of real buyers who
have just completed a purchase. It's not
a discovery play. It's not broad
targeting. It's high intent, net new
traffic with verified identity data and
zero creative lift. Here's what makes
Rocked Ads different. One, you only pay
for performance. No clicks, no cost.
Two, no wasted spend on repeat
customers. You upload a suppression list
and Rocked only targets net new buyers.
Three, higher AOV, higher LTV. These
aren't lil lose. They're real customers
in the buying mindset. Rockads is
powered by afterell by rocked, which
means DDC brands now have access to
enterprisegrade tech that has powered
checkout experiences for giants like
Ticket Master, Macy's, and Disney.
Brands like Jones Road, True Classic,
Mugsy, and Ridge are already seeing it
work. And now, Aftershell is opening up
early access to the marketing operators
community. Here's the deal. Qualified
brands can claim $10,000 in free ad
credits to test rocked ads and see the
results firsthand. Head to afterell.com
to claim your $10,000 offer and start
scaling smarter.
Yeah, I'm curious. I I don't know if you
guys saw, but I just bought the domain
name uh CMO.WTF.
I did see that. Is it 99 bucks?
>> That's a good one.
>> That's a norainer. no at that price
point.
>> And I've wanted to buy that domain for
years. And the reason is because one,
it's just great. The three letters and
whatever, but like really that the CMO
role I find I've technically been a CMO.
I've technically been a CMO for like
eight years now or whatever. Uh is like
is is frustratingly different across
industries and across organizations.
So Connor, you were VP of growth and
digital product at Careoway. We've
talked a lot about that and those make
sense together, but even that was a very
unique title I think and we discussed
that when when we spoke back in
February. Um, how different is the role
of CMO at Grunes and like what maybe you
could just describe briefly like what
you sit over and how that differs from
um your role at Careowway?
>> Yeah, it's it's been really really
interesting to get into a really
uncomfortable position of feeling
imposter syndrome again. And uh but I
love that feeling so much and losing
that is the worst part of a career
moment at whatever stop along it that
you're in. So I actually I I lost some
remmit coming to Grunes and I gained
some. So one of the teams that
>> uh sat with me at Kerry was our data
practice. Um obviously marketing teams
are highly uh data needy and intensive
and so we had the data team kind of
built on out under my team and then
other teams would um kind of request in
and the the problem there obviously is
that marketing kind of gets the
preferential treatment and ops and CX
and finance everybody's got data needs
so um coming to Grunes that was a team
that actually now sits with Connor
Stassy CFO he's got this shared service
everything that he oversees he views as
a service to the rest of the ind uh to
the rest of the business. So
horizontally shared function, but
picking up brand and creative is
definitely a new muscle for me. So now I
I think I love it because it it allows
for me to kind of see across the full
gamut. And uh at Carowway, thankfully we
had really good partners on the on the
brand and creative side, but so much
trust gets placed in those teams when
you've got this idea for a new offer, a
new moment campaign that you want to
lean into and you've kind of got
everything dialed from the growth and
retention insight side, but you do have
to rely on a on a different team with a
brief that maybe your team's been
responsible for to get the the visuals
and copy and all of those assets and
pieces of content back to fuel the
levers that you want to deploy as a
growth or so thankfully at Carowway I
didn't really feel like that was ever an
issue. The thing that was always
challenging was just velocity and
prioritization you know and it was
always you guys have probably all
experienced it's always a trade-off
discussion of what gets uh kind of first
and preferential treatment. So with
Grunes it's really nice is because you
know brand and creative and picking up
influencer and some of those other teams
that sit under brand here at Grunes is
really nice cuz now I can sort of take a
30,000 foot view and say all right we
need to attack this new angle. we need
to revamp the Cubs line, we need to uh
think about running a sweep stakes,
whatever it might be. Being able to kind
of view across the entire spectrum of
marketing levers to pull and help the
entire team kind of set their priorities
against what we believe those, you know,
biggest business levers to be is is
really really cool. And I think what's
what's interesting about brand and
creative is like I I feel like it's it's
a bit less kind of um like objective in
the assessment of it than growth or
retention where there's like hardcore
metrics that define the success of it
>> for brand. So much of it is feeling and
quote vibes and things like that. And
thankfully Grun's already as an awesome
lively irreverent brand. And so just
helping that team kind of be tethered
into the to the metrics that we're all
striving for has been a really big focus
on that side of the house.
>> Awesome.
>> Yeah. Super cool.
>> What's been what's what's been your
experience Connor? How how do you feel
about kind of like overseeing the entire
marketing stack? What's the what's that
like with where you feel most adequate
and most sort of experienced and then
how do you interact with the teams that
you're like I am so not the center of
excellence. You know so much more than
me in this world. I'm curious how you
think about that that uh dynamic.
>> Yeah. So the the teams that we have
built out right now um just for context
we have VP of marketing which is
basically like own channels and go to
market we just brought on a VP of ecom
she's eight days in uh she's overseeing
web development and digital product uh
we have VP of paid media who oversees
performance creative and media buying
and then we have a creative director who
oversees like content production,
copywriting, design. Um, there are a few
of those that I feel like really
wellversed in where like I can bring a
lot to the table and obviously like
working with the VP of marketing or VP
of paid media, it's very much a
conversation. They are extremely
talented and knowledgeable, but that's
where I feel I'm in my wheelhouse the
most.
We are finally, knock on wood, in like a
really solid spot with the creative
director and like our general like brand
creative processes. That was like the
bane of my existence for the last like
18 months. we just like had a lot of
turnover on the team. We weren't hitting
the right timelines. So like we we've
done a lot of work there over the last
like nine months. And now that's really
good. And I tr like that is I am out of
my wheelhouse air where I feel I'm most
effective is just trying to bring like
competence transitions nicely across all
those different teams. So like there are
certain things when it comes down to
process or strategy that I think are
beneficial to like work through with
that team. But, you know, talking about
fonts in Figma or whatever is like I'm
leaving that up to the experts
completely. Um, so that's where I
figured out where to kind of draw the
lines.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's really nice to bring I
think business context to to a lot of
these teams and help kind of people see
the bigger picture. My my whole approach
is the more that I can arm people with
the right context, the more that I can
entrust them to make the right
decisions. And I don't want to be
somebody that's in the in the weeds of
certain functions, right? so much better
for me to spend time in certain places
and then spend time in others. So I
think just focusing on like
non-duplicative time spend is a huge
huge point of emphasis for me with
running the marketing team here which is
let the experts do the expert work and
then my job is to bring them all
together and say like this is the thing
that we're going to try to go win
against right now. This is the new ham
that we're going after and here's how
we're going to make that happen. setting
some of that initial vision and then
yes, enlisting the troops to go to go
make it happen with way better ideas
than I would ever have.
>> I've got a question and uh
Connor, I'd love your perspective first
and then I'd love to hear from Cody too.
You brought up bringing cohesion so like
you had um you described the briefing to
creators, the running paid media, the
the maybe building landing pages and
then uniting that with like the
retention efforts and things like that.
One thing we've been struggling with is
figuring out how much complexity do we
even want to tolerate there, right?
Because like there's benefits to
cohesion, but then you also there's
there's trade-offs with volume, right?
You can't you can't produce as much as
maybe you'd want to if you wanted to
remain as cohesive as you can. So like
could you talk through either at
Carowway or at Grunes like how you
thought about that?
>> Careway I would say was much more visual
cohesion was kind of the driver. We
wanted you to know that wherever you saw
an experienced Careway, we wanted you to
be able to subliminally or opaquely
connect it right back to the brand that
was messaging that to you. And we had a
color story, which is a huge thing that
we leaned into. For grooms, I would say
that the the bigger focus I think
there's some polishing of kind of like
how the brand is visually represented
and we just hired an awesome art
director and designer who's coming in
and just providing some of that polish
and and you know refining some of those
edge cases where it probably got a
little too loosey goosey on the
periphery. For me, it's much more about
like what are we saying about this
product to a specific audience and being
consistent with that. And so, um, that's
where I think there's so much power in
compounding, um, messaging effects. So,
if we're going to start talking about
the benefits of fiber that can come from
Grunins, what I was just speaking to you
guys about, what I don't think is best
is for the way that we talk about the
average American being under fibered and
that Grins can help you address those
gaps. I don't want that being said in
too many disperate ways wherever you
encounter us because I think it starts
to lose some of its effect. But if we're
going to go out into the wild with a new
acquisition angle and start talking
about this as a reason to try Grunes and
stick with Grunes, I think having that
consistency pull through into the
landing page experience and into the
retention journey that you get brought
along is super impactful. And I'm with
you. We don't want to, you know, hinder
volume or anything like that in service
of of that mission. But I think just
taking a little bit of time to set some
foundational docs with a couple of great
copy lines to pull from fueled by
research that our creative strategy team
puts together. I think that's worth just
taking the extra beat to make sure that
happens cuz I've just seen it time and
time again. Like there are many brands
that spend way more on marketing than
any of us. But I think the way that you
can kind of arbitrage
that lack of spend compared to others is
just by saying things in consistent ways
and building that repetition in the
consumer's mind. Especially for a
category and product like Grunes where
you might want to buy it in store, you
might want to buy it online or on
Amazon. It's a little bit more of like a
happen stance kind of um flip the switch
in the moment purchase than a lot of
Careaway purchases were which is a far
more considered $45 $500 purchase.
>> So something like the fiber angle like
how often are you guys launching that as
a funnel and do you have like five of
them running at the same time? Um cuz
that that's where like for more context
from Ridge like we're we're balancing
our three categories and then there's
the potential for different messaging
within the categories. Now we're talking
about like eight or nine different
funnels. And then that's when I really
start seeing the trade-offs with
cohesion where it's like yeah we're not
going to be able to have every landing
page directly speak to this funnel much
less have different retention flow setup
or whatever. So like where uh where do
you guys land on that?
>> Totally. And the the Carowway experience
was way more like the Ridge one, right?
like the the collection or the category
of the product was way more of the focus
and just speaking to that use case and
the utility of that line
>> for Grunes, right? It's a it's a pack of
gummy bears, but the benefits that one
can realize are so vast. And so, yes, we
do have those very specific kind of
angles because the whole hypothesis is
that somebody's taking Gruner, you might
be taking Gruns for a different reason
than Cody is. You know what I mean? And
what we want to be able to do is find
all of the people that might perceive
value and benefit from taking grooms and
speak really intentionally to those
people. So I talked a little bit earlier
about levers. Um, we have so many I mean
our you can look at our ad library
there's 1,200 or so ads live in it and
the velocity of output there is insane
and Anthony and Claire who lead growth
and performance creative on our team are
incredible and what we try to do now is
stack bigger bets and those are kind of
the bigger levers that we make an
informed uh kind of collective team bet
that speaking to this is going to have
really big impact to our ad account to
unlocking a new user base and persona
and those uh yeah we we can't do those
all the time. So that that frequency is
more on like a four to six week basis
that we try to have those mapped out and
there's certainly a repository now that
we're starting to pull from as we build
that bank.
>> Totally. So I'm curious Cody if you have
any sort of different take on that
because you're kind of halfway in
between. you guys are building out
different categories, but then also I
think Miracle Bomb is one of those
things you've talked about appealing to
older women as well as millennials and
you could go the same path about going
wider from a messaging perspective.
>> Yeah. So, it's definitely like top focus
like outside of outside of I guess all
like product like all the non-marketing
stuff I'm focused on right now for like
growth like this persona sprint we're
calling it is our top focus. I believe
it's my hypothesis that this is going to
be the best way for us to reach new
people on meta is take because what
we've seen and we've talked about this
word like just launching new products
has not really driven reach on meta and
we have to do new things and how are we
speaking to people whether it's behind a
new product or an existing product very
differently um much more specifically
thinking about like personalization at
scale and I think our you know what got
us here it worked very well to here but
it was very broad messaging very broad
Miracle Obama is great for this, WTF is
great for this, but it's not very
specific. And um and and this some of it
comes from just talking to people in the
space and obviously being able to see
their ad libraries and things like that,
but like what seems to be performing
really well is what what Connor is
talking about. And you I know you
mentioned like Crit's doing it or AG1
does some or like there's a bunch of
brands who do just like very intentional
messaging in the hook of an ad almost
like the hook is a targeting like if
you're a busy like I'll give you an
example. one of the creators who
actually lives in our town we work with.
I saw a Tik Tok from her and she was
like a mom two kids on a walk and like I
think the hook was something like you
know if you're a mom and you're
expecting your second kid and like it's
not just like if you're a mom it's like
very specific and you look at the
comments on it and everyone is like uh
target audience reached or they're like
FBI agent found me and like all of it
was just a very specific hook that that
that got people exactly where they were
at in that life stage. And so I think
that's what we're trying to do and like
Connor has, you know, given me voice
notes and and shared a bunch of how they
go about it which I think is is great.
But yeah, it's it's not as simple I
think for us. So part of it is like even
tactically in the ad account like what
does that look like? Like do we do we
split them up? And then it's like all
right if we have a campaign and we're
trying to like match the creative to the
to the ad account, but if we have a
campaign that's like hey this mom funnel
right this is one we're trying to do.
Well, it's like, well, then if we have
multiple products, like I don't want to
necessarily have, you know, five
different persona campaigns for five
different products. Like, that just will
get so unwieldy. So, we're trying to
work through that now and try and figure
it out. We'll likely go with like
campaigns around a persona. Um, and then
actually, uh, Connor McDonald, one of
one of the phrases, you know, it's not
just your naming convention phrase that
I love. It's also you said on a few
episodes back like aggressive
templatization.
>> Yes. and how you've kind of been
focusing on that on on various parts of
your marketing department. Um, I love
that and that's something we're really
thinking about for uh currently for
landing pages. Same thing. How do we get
these templates dialed that you can just
whip up a headline and that AI tool I
showed you like that's actually why
we're trying to build it. We're trying
to get really specific that whole funnel
from ad. We're doing huge partnership ad
focus, right? And what our growth team
was doing because we our copywriter
didn't have bandwidth to just turn out
copy for everything. They would just
take like past copy from like you know
just like our products and put in there
even if like it was a partnership ad
talking about being busy and on the go
you know and so we're trying to have
that really dialed where we're actually
you know built this tool that'll like
transcribe you know the the the video
match the the headline. Not that it's
the most important thing about an ad but
like let's get it all dialed. So you
have the headline, you know, the copy
that matches your creative landing page
should match that as well. We have not
gone as far as personalizing popup or
email flows. I think it's like
>> and Connor uh Daltton, if you want to
speak to us at all, but it's like
minimum viable product and you have to
get enough traction with something
before you're like, "Hey, let's go and
do this big production behind this or
like make all these net new landing
pages." So I think that's what we're
trying to figure out right now. Um, but
we do have a few personas that we have
like some traction with that maybe we
didn't do this full strategy that now
we're going like full force, ton of
partnership ads, like bunch of net new
landing pages because we we believe and
we have some data that like this is
going to be uh like honestly like a
viable lever for us.
I am super excited to tell you about our
newest sponsor, Revo. They are a
retention platform for Shopify Plus
brands. They start with signed in
shopping via accounts and get into
loyalty, referrals, memberships,
cashback, and so much more. They're
constantly launching new features. I
personally am super excited about the
future of signed in shopping for
e-commerce brands and really accounts
being the beach head for just awesome
loyalty and customer experiences and
Revo playing a part in making it a
better experience to be a customer of
your brand. Uh, and Ridge isn't the only
brand using Revo today. Hexclad, True
Classic, Dr. Squatch, Portland Leather
Goods, Princess Pololly, Kitch, Pit
Viper, and hundreds of more brands are
using Repo on their Shopify Plus
accounts. Uh, that is like a billion
dollars in GMV. That is a insane list of
brands to be listing off. Stuart Cheney,
founder le. He's all over Twitter. He's
hands-on in Slack. Great team to work
with. I also think they're kind of the
next wave of SAS. Um, you'll see Stuart
talking on Twitter about being
incredibly AI oriented in their
development and they're shipping better
features faster than ever before. So
excited to see what comes to Revo. I
suggest you check it out at revo.io.
That's rivo.io.
Connor, I want to I want to ask you like
and and Cody alluded to this like some
of the more tactical thing like how do
you tactically approach that because you
mentioned like you're you as a team are
collectively making a bet saying hey
this message like this angle which which
has this hook and this overall narrative
this messaging arc and the goal is to
reach this consumer with like this use
case. Like let's go back to the fiber
one, right? Like you guys are making a
big bet that you can really have a lot
of success in and performance out of
this like you need more fiber message
for lack of a better term. So like once
you guys have aligned on that that
that's a message that you want to do a
sprint around like can you actually talk
us through like the actual more like
granular process of like all right we're
going after this message. So then like
do you like map out all the ads you want
to make, speak into that, all the
landing pages you want to make, launch
with different combinations and like
start testing into the best like what
does that actually look like from a I
like from the moment you agree on the
messaging arc you want to go after to
actually like yeah what's that process
look like? How do you actually make
funnels out of that?
>> Totally. And this is this is just a
place I've spent a ton of time since
arriving. So back to your kind of
initial question, it was assessing the
landscape be like oh let's try to make
these sort of 360 uh angular persona
based bets and build that that bank and
repository of those. So the the other
thing we don't want to do is slow down
velocity of typical ad sprints that are
a little bit more kind of iterative kind
of unlocking new formats still pursuing
those with full force but again what we
want to try to do is pair a couple of
different signals. So, what are reviews
and social commentary saying? Like, what
are some of the kind of trends or
repeated things that we're seeing from
customers loving Grunes that we can lean
into? And then the the other thing
that's a little bit harder and I think
I've sent Cotus and voice notes on this
is like connecting it to something
that's having a bit of a moment in the
ether outside of your brand and pairing
those two things together. So, at
Caraway, microlastics was that thing,
right? We we like knew microplastics was
having a ma massive moment. that was
such an obvious tiein to our brand and
so we put a ton of emphasis around a
microplastics campaign in the month of
March um which did super well for the
brand. So for GR how fiber emerged was
basically that you know we started to
hypothesize that fiber was going to be
the next kind of food stuff thing that
had come into attention. Uh protein
super in vogue right now and our kind of
bet is that fiber is going to be uh one
of the next ones that that comes in. So
um we kind of do a bunch of research. I
mean, I had chatbt go in to do deep
research. Um, trying to go assess how
other brands of the space are pursuing
that. Um, what is it about fiber that's
really good for humans and how does it
serve as a foundation for the gut
microbiome? Like what are the benefits
that come from that? Shiny hair, better
skin. Um, so much stuff that I bet all
of your brains are going where our
started to go is like, wow, how many
good hooks can come out of this if we
start to pursue this? and uh we just put
this kind of notion strategy dock
together and started to populate and
we've got a great team of creative
strategists that you know we we assigned
one of them to this initiative and then
they do a lot of that research they use
some of that deep research prompt that I
had provided them and others and then we
start to kind of map out what the key
assortment of pillars or hooks that we
want to go after are going to be so even
within the world of fiber let's say
within the world of microplastics at
Carowway there's still a bunch of
personas that can be carved out from
within that overarching kind of like
zeitgeist angle to go after. So we start
to map out, you know, why somebody at a
different life stage or somebody that's
in a different situation might want to
respond or what we could do to get to
arbitrage the attention of somebody um
and tie it back to that fiber angle. So
then we start
>> So can I ask you a question about that
quick? So, it's like fiber is this
overall like narrative arc that you want
to hit on and like the benefits of it,
but then you're going one level lower
and saying, "Well, if you're on GLP1s,
you need fiber. If you um I don't know,
like want if you're like having issues
with your hair, you need fiber. If
you're a 65year-old man, you need fiber
for this reason. If you're a 23-year-old
man or woman, you need fiber for that
reason." So you're saying fiber is like
the the outer layer and then you have a
bunch of different sub personas that
you're positioning the need for fiber as
like a Okay, got it.
>> Exactly. And then we've got all the
research and collateral to kind of back
that and then it can be applicable um at
a persona based level and we use that to
map out hooks, angles, start to workshop
some ad concepts um where you're talking
about Conor McDonald and this I totally
agree with is there's always a sort of
healthy debate of how much to really
build into this from a resourcing
perspective like do we activate specific
popups and landers and like retention
flows to speak to that? I think jury is
still out on how much we want to invest
into that. We do try to get a really
good read on whether this is going to be
something that has a great impact to the
business and then um kind of figure out
what needs to be P zero and attached to
the initial roll out and effort and then
what's the stuff that can be fast
following to go add reinforcements to
later on if we believe this is going to
have a longer shelf life for the brand.
There are some examples that I really
like of relatively lightweight ways to
personalize a funnel. Like one of my
favorites I've probably talked about at
some point in the past is eight sleep.
They'll do an Andrew Huberman funnel and
a Marquez funnel and they just have they
have Marquez's face in the popup. They
have it at the top of the landing page
and then everything else is basically
the same. And I'm sure the retention
flows the same, but it's like if you're
coming from a MKBHD ad, you see the
popup, you see the landing page, and now
you're just shopping the typical PDP.
Like that is really that's a pretty high
leverage way to do it and feels
relatively scalable. So we've been
trying to emulate more of like that sort
of lightweight approach.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I I feel like we'll we'll
figure it out and you know determine
our conviction around a bet and then
figure out how many of the teams should
start to um also sort of participate in
rolling that out and yeah there's just
so many different things that we can
pursue and there's tons of trade-offs on
prioritization as you guys experience
every single day. So that's another
thing that we have to battle. M.
>> So where do you So cuz going back to
Cody your comment about Connor's uh
verbiage like Conor McDonald's like
aggressive templatization like so for a
new narrative arc Connor Dalt like do
you guys have a
right cuz I think I think Nick
Shackleford tweeted something about this
the other day of like how do you test
into personas as like a phase one and
then you find out what works and then
you go deeper with some of the more like
high time investment, high resource,
high money investment assets, right?
like you guys going and sourcing a bunch
of creators to speak about fiber is
going to be a lot higher lift, more
expensive, more time than you producing
a bunch of statics that just speak to to
these angles. So like on the ad side of
the on on the ads and on the destination
like do you have any sort of
like SOP for how you think about testing
into a new angle? like all we're only
doing statics within these templates and
we're only doing this landing page and
then if something hits we'll go and try
to scale it with like creators brand
video listical whatever it is like do
you have any like thoughts around how to
like approach a net new angle or are you
often times being like we're so
confident in this angle that we're going
to go do like a full like a full swing
at this thing like like that was our
sweep stakes last year like we don't
know if this is going to work or not but
we're pretty confident like we're really
going to go like we're going to go hard
on this we're going to do everything we
can and it worked out. But like that was
a big risk that that we took and you
can't take that all the time with any
evergreen, you know, ad angle that
someone ideates.
>> Totally. I think that's the
that that's kind of like the distinction
between a campaign and these angles. Do
you know what I mean? Like what you're
talking about the sweep stakes was an
entire campaign. The entire business
needed to orient itself around that. For
these angles, it's a little bit more
kind of like
>> it's a very big effort, don't get me
wrong, but it's slotted in amongst
everything else. and then we kind of
rely on the met algorithm to tell us how
big of an opportunity it's going to be
versus there are Mother's Day moments uh
when we do a flavor launch there's stuff
that is no doubt about it going to be
the main emphasis of the business and
everywhere you're going to experience us
hopefully that's one of the first things
that you learn so I think just trying to
look at the calendar and figure out the
the sort of coexistence of those pieces
again at Carowway it was like way more
about those kind of like brand and femic
um feature and benefit defining moments
uh on the calendar year. That was what
became a really strong performance
driver. Plus product launches and these
kind of like angles. Sometimes they
worked, but we found they worked better
when they were paired with a seasonal
moment. You know what I mean? Like
talking to moms, busy moms with Cody's
example, like that worked best around
Mother's Day. Did it have evergreen
shelf life? Certainly. But we always
found pairing it with like a big
promotional moment on the calendar year
when consumer wallets were open. That
was the combo that worked super well. So
for Grunes, it's just I I don't know yet
what the ideal combination of offer,
product, marketing, activity, calendar,
moment, um, display launch. I don't know
what the right permutations of those
things are going to be, but that's what
I'm trying to be very methodical with
the team and, um, just being very, very
intentional about making sure we develop
learning afterwards to like, hey, what
about that made that work? Um, I had an
awesome chat with the CMO of Poppy a
long time ago and he he expressed that
he's like, "We figured out our playbook
for how to make Poppy boom, you know,
and it was um cultural moment plus
reputable figure plus uh flavor launch."
Like that was the the three-prong
approach that they needed to have
>> a really big step change in revenue
occur. And so I don't know what Grunes
is yet. I've got a bunch of hypotheses.
So, we're trying to figure out the right
mix of like explore, kind of like how
meta would serve out ads, you know, and
then exploit where once we kind of get
those signals back that this is going to
be a big one, we can action on it super
super super fast.
>> Yeah. I actually like I think at
Hexcloud, we've done a pretty good job
of building campaigns around like offers
and seasonal moments. Uh actually
Caraway has been a big really awesome
inspiration to me about like I think we
need to do a better job of peppering it
as evergreen campaigns and and not not
every campaign that's a 360 campaign has
to be a sale or a new product or a sweep
stakes like you can just have a campaign
that's cohesive across all your channels
that's all about the micro plastics or
all about how durable your pan is like
that that is probably just as important
um than like the sale campaign or the or
the sweep stakes campaign. pain. So,
that's something we're hoping to do more
of um in the next couple years. So,
that's been it's it's cool to hear your
your approach with it.
>> We're about halfway done through the
year. H1 is almost over. We're prepping
for second half of the year. We're also
prepping for Q4, which is huge for us.
And our budgets are going to be the
highest then. And when our budgets are
the highest, we're going to need the
most granularity and the most confidence
knowing where we should spend our
dollars. And that's why we turn to
Prussian. Prussian is an MM. Again, most
mms they use 60-y old regression models.
They're not really built for DDT.
Prression, you can get readouts really
quickly if something is changing, which
again, DDC is really volatile. So, you
can't rely on an outdated MM that you're
only going to get one readout a quarter.
One thing I love about Pression so much,
you're able to see the halo effect. So,
upper funnel spend, which is again is
huge. We love to fill the funnel prior
to uh a peak moment, prior to Q4, a
holiday, something like that. we're
really able to see the halo effect that
has because sometimes you're not going
to see great attribution from a YouTube
campaign or from TV campaigns. Well,
Present plugs into all them and it can
actually tell you your base plus your
halo. So, it's been really helpful for
us to understand and actually uh have
confidence to invest in some of these
upper funnel channels that are harder to
measure with other ways. So, I love
Press. I can't tell you all the
technical stuff behind it, but I can
tell you it gives me and my team more
confidence uh know where we should put
our budget, especially in some of these
pesky upperfunnel channels that are much
harder to measure. And again, don't wait
till Q4. It's going to be too late then.
We're halfway through the year, but
we've really got to all lock in for the
rest of the year for Q4. There's a
reason we use it. Hexclad, Hollow Sox,
Codery, and 100 more leading brands. So,
highly recommend checking it out. Go to
preantai.com/operators
to book a demo today.
>> Shifting gears a little bit, I want to I
want to stay on like tactics, but what
I'm what I'm really curious is your
thinking about phases of Grunes. So, we
had Zach stuck on and you know, Zach's
an awesome an awesome marketer, awesome
operator, has tons of experience, right,
with his agency and with Hollow. And one
of the questions we were asking him are
like, what are the tactics got you what
are the tactics that took you through
these revenue bands, but like what are
the other what are what's not going to
take you through this next revenue band?
So I want to ask you a similar question
which is like what are the what are the
differences in strategies when you look
at and I know some of this is going to
be speculative because you don't really
know but like in your current opinion
like what what got Grun to where it is
strategically and tactically versus what
is going to get Grun's to where you want
it to go in the next two years. I would
say
>> I'll get the obvious thing out of the
way, which is Chad freaking nailed the
form factor in the product. Like just
you can't can't replicate that
marketing. I I feel like he could have
hired the worst marketing team on the
planet and been the worst marketer
himself and Grun still would have
achieved some level of success just by
the novelty of the of the product and
how easily um you know loved it was and
understood by consumers and then how uh
people just come back and buy more
Grunes. Like we have this hilarious
internal joke that one of our copyriters
says where he's like we have an entire
business model built on people liking
the product,
>> you know, and I it's so true. People try
Grunes and they buy Grunes and they like
Grunes. Um
>> I actually don't know why you guys even
have a sugar version cuz the sugar-free
is so good. I'm like wait what? This
isn't the one with sugar. Like why do
even why do you even have to have one
with sugar? Cuz the sugar free is
amazing.
>> Totally. It's so it's so good and 20
calories just no sugar. It's It's such a
no-brainer. Um it's so much better than
those messy powders, you know what I
mean? Um but the Yeah. So, what what got
Greens to this point, I think, was a
let's just get the product foundation.
That's that's obviously the baseline.
And then the I think the business was so
intentional about standing up really
thoughtful marketing strategies right
from the jump, you know what I mean? And
having airtight operations and CX and
everything else to support it. Um Chad
just had such good exposure with the
brands that he got to interact with and
the seats and boards that he got to
observe. And so the the brand had such a
head start, you know what I mean? And
then some of the early hires that were
made here too are just absolute rock
stars. You know, like the number of hats
and the the amount of space that they
covered is is out of control. But tons
of meta reliance to get the brand off
the ground and the way that again Grun's
attacks meta I think is pretty unique
with the funnels and the buildouts
there. And um I think that a lot of
investment in landing pages and making
sure to kind of always find leveled up
performance and and CRO wins has been
super important. And then I think
there's lots of um thoughtful testing on
the retention front and really good team
internally here that's just focused on I
think a lot of subscription brands have
a hesitancy to like talk to their
audience because it's like every every
touch point is a reminder that you're
paying for this subscription and it
creates a lot of fear um that it's going
to just cause incremental churn and I
think our team's pretty darn good at
trying to again leverage our fun
irreverent brand and pair it with the
fact that this is a credible and
sciencebacked product and reinforce
those good habits and tell you that
you're doing the right things for your
body. So all of those pieces from the
start, they feel so much more robust and
built out than a brand that is this new.
Do you know what I mean? It's just the
level of velocity and um thoughtful
deployment of tactics and strategy here
is is is truly remarkable. And for a
brand that's only two and a half years
old, like that's not always the case. So
um I want to make sure that that's
understood that it's not like this was
just happen stance. There's a lot of
intentionality across all functions. But
not what I'm here to do. I would say I
want to try to unlock different
marketing levers to drive growth for us.
I I'm never the guy that says let's stop
spending on meta. And I think the you
know like reduce dependency on meta at
all costs. I I I don't I don't subscribe
to that train. It's the most successful
advertising engine in the history of the
planet. like I want to keep getting the
most out of it. Um, and I don't really
worry about, you know, a high percent of
our spend being there, but we're
constantly in pursuit of new levers and
new channels to pull. So, we've launched
onto CTV, deployed it through a house
test, starting to see some good success
there. We obviously do some investment
in internal creative and long form
YouTube videos, which I think is a great
form of arbitrage through longer form
assets serving on YouTube. I've seen
since my Dollar Shave Club days that
long form on YouTube typically sees a
little bit of a a CPM efficiency and so
you can use that and ladder that into
some incremental performance. So
unlocking new marketing channels has
been a really big focus for this next
stage of growth. Um and it's it's easier
to start to unlock new things because it
makes work better for you as well. You
know what I mean? Meta doesn't have to
do the introduction and the convincing
and the getting you to purchase.
cosmetic can kind of uh do its thing and
not have to be relied on to handle all
portions of the funnel. Um, and then I
would say that just getting certain
teams to work really well together is
going to be key to the next stage of
growth like the influencer team and the
paid team and just getting that wiring
really really tight and dialed. I think
we're all really excited about what
we're seeing from partnerships and
whitelisting ads and um that the same
applies to Grun. So just making sure
that we have great SOPs and systems
there for build on and then again
figuring out some of those strategic
bets, right? Is it campaigns? Is it
flavor launches? Is it collabs? I'm I'm
trying to figure out ways to prop up the
ceiling so that everybody else can um
you know start to work on the tactics
that can support these bigger bets to
unlock new audiences for us.
>> I think that's that's a great answer. I
I always when cuz I had a tough time
like figuring out my role for a long
time and like where to zoom in, where to
zoom out and now I feel like I've I
figured it out and I think what you just
said um I connect with because the way
the framework I I take to my role is
like my my job and I think really all of
our job is to like unlock new
high-erforming um marketing strategies,
right? generally speaking and like I
think it often requires someone like
someone in our role to lead the charge
on that like hey what is what is a
better YouTube strategy look like and it
requires that like that marketing leader
to kind of come in and and at least
drive a lot of that roll out and then
measure if it works or not but like if
you've measure if you've tried it and
you've been a leader in rolling that out
and it works it's then your role to like
delegate that to the team to run it in
an ongoing way and say all right like we
validated this but now the team is
actually the the subject matter experts
are the one who are going to go and
really make this thing hum, right? Like
if if you Connor drove forward this idea
of like this unique fiber angle that
really hits, but then you're going to be
like well now team you're it's your job
to make it, you know, maybe it's 80%
right now, but you got to get it to 99%.
So it's like it's almost like innovate,
measure, delegate, and then like just
repeat that process over and over and
over and over again. You're constantly
triaging like where's the where's the
next opportunity? like my hand like my
involvement in the sweep stakes this
year while it's still a it's still a
good amount it's like so much less than
last year because last year was the
first time we built it out and we
validated it and now the team knows how
to how to optimize it but now it's like
where's the next
>> where's the next opportunity to go in
and like innovate and roll out something
new whereas like you don't need to go
and like like Chad's often talked about
Claire who is your I think your media
buyer and she's she's a beast like you
don't need to go and like insert
yourself too much in the dayto-day of
what she's already uniquely like
probably honestly better at you at at
this point cuz she lives it and breathes
it every day. But if you can go and give
her more local maximums to to optimize
towards like you're also unlocking her
to do even better work. Um which is kind
of what I'm hearing hearing you say.
>> 100%. I'm surrounded by people so much
better at their jobs than I am. I think
the other the other thing I'm curious if
your orgs are like this I've certainly
worked at places that are like idea
black holes and everybody's got it. I've
got this great idea to unlock scale
performance step change wins whatever in
such and such function and then the
ability to translate that into executing
is always where I think orgs get tripped
up or the ability to prioritize and try
to try to light up ideas and I think
that's a major place that I've tried to
participate is just like encouraging
those ideas and saying hey don't just
tell me about this thing why don't you
go try to put a little bit of it into
motion see if there's any signal that
comes back that says this is a good idea
for us or not and then I'll help put
resources behind the pursuit of this.
So, I'm curious for you guys, you know,
Cody Jones wrote, I feel like I've heard
you say before that like you're a big
ideas guy and you want a really good
team of operators and executors. Have
you started to kind of try to surround
yourself with people that are also
bringing ideas to the table and started
to delegate that away from yourself a
little bit as well?
>> Depends on on what role. Um, no. Pro I
mean probably on grow. Yeah. Like
creative definitely. Like I'm not
involved in, you know, I'm involved in
like the new stuff like what I'll
probably get really involved in like one
to two things like across the or across
marketing that I think are like top
priorities that time. So like this
persona stuff I'm I'm very involved in
and I'll like come up with ideas of like
guys like we need to do this. This is
what I see other brands doing. Like
let's meet about this weekly like let's
all come to the table with it. So I
definitely have a good team of like
director of growth and senior director
creative strategy who will bring those
ideas to the table. I'm not doing like
for executing on them. So I'd say it's
like collaborative, right? I'm not like
telling them what to go execute on, but
I'm not not involved in it. Um, so yeah,
I'll probably be across like one to two
where like YouTube right now is a really
big focus. So definitely trying to like
drive that home. Um, other parts of the
or like retail I'm like cool, what what
do you need? You know what I mean? I'm
like like so I think it just depends on
like knowing your strengths and also
knowing like where you can get involved
and and where you should be involved.
Um, so yeah, I think it depends. I'm
still like collaborative and not just
like completely delegating it. Um, I
think that's, you know, every everyone's
got their different their different take
on the whole founder mode thing. I'm
definitely more on the, you know, the
founder mode type thing. I think there's
pros and cons of each, but like I'm not
going to just pick, all right guys, like
here's your budget. What do you need?
I'll see you in a in a month.
>> That's just that's just not me. Like
that's not our our c culture.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> What about you?
>> What about you, Conor Mac? Yeah. I'm
curious like how you've how you've I
agree like it can be really hard to get
buy in on a new idea if like all the pl
the stakeholders that need to contribute
to it aren't aware of it or bought in on
it or whatever it is. We've done some
things I think internally to to help
with that process. Um but yeah, Connor,
what about what about you? Because you
have a very like I chatted with some of
your team at at Meta like Jimmy and um
Chris and they're awesome. Like they're
super sharp marketers and I'm sure they
have loads of good ideas.
No, for sure. I mean, where we've been
at, well, actually, let me say to I'll
jump back quickly. Uh, I liked your your
phrase earlier, Connor Rolain, innovate,
measure, delegate. I think one trap that
we've fallen into at Ridge is not
properly measuring. I think we've got a
ton of ideas and we be like, that's like
innovation. It's like, boom, we're doing
something new and different and now you
guys are doing it. and then we don't
properly like reflect on whether that
was like a net benefit or or really made
any impact at all. Um, so that's one
thing we've fallen into that trap. We're
trying to get better at that like
self-reflection reporting piece that I
think is like really really key. And
when you're moving fast, it's very easy
to like commit to doing new things and
then delegating that and that becomes
processed and like you're just doing it
and like you you you miss the part where
you're supposed to be improving the
business. Um, so I think that's been a
learning lesson for us. Uh, where I
think I'm strong, I we have I have a
fantastic team. Um, I think we are best
the the way the team's built now with
all of our new categories, with all the
newness, with things like sweep stakes,
with things like Marquez Brownley, we
haven't had like a lack of ideas. And I
think what where my time is mostly
focused and I think what I'm pretty good
at is um really executing on it at a
high level. Like again there's whether
it's from own channels to ecom to
performance to creative like we're
there's a lot of moving pieces there
that just have to be marching in the
same direction if you want to get a
really cool we're preparing right now
for the iPhone 17 launch where we'll
have a new phone case. It's like that's
where my time and energy has gone to the
most just as we've had such massive
expansion over the last two years. So,
I've been less of an ideas guy, more of
like a uh screwing around in notion and
spreadsheets and making sure we're
hitting the deadlines at the quality
that we need.
>> Totally.
>> Do do you think you are like
that is your natural skill set or do you
think you you are good at both somewhere
in between like whatever and you just
like that's what your your company
needed right now?
>> I think that's what I think that's I
think that's where I'm best suited to
work at Ridge right now. Um I also
really like it. I have talked about not
on this podcast but Hero Dreams of Sushi
the uh documentary. Are you guys
familiar?
>> Uh no you have talked about this on this
podcast.
>> Oh okay. Yeah it's like my favorite
thing. Hero's famous for just showing up
75 years making the same sushi every day
and getting like just incrementally
better. And he's not I guess there are
new ideas involved in that but he's not
like reinventing sushi. He's just making
incredibly good relatively simple sushi.
And that's what I want to emulate at
Ridge. And I've been on that that beat
for like 18 months now.
>> But you also have great ideas. I mean,
you're always I feel I feel like you're
always sharing interesting, thoughtful I
mean Yeah. Like who who came up with the
idea to
>> like who does your branding on your
sweep stakes cuz that's one of the
things I'm like always so impressed with
and I'm always on the edge of my seat to
a see what you're going to give away,
but b like I you guys just always have
such compelling unique branding with
your sweep stakes. It always feels
different. And there's it's like
viscerally you go to Ridge.com right now
and something's happening. Like you
don't even need to read the content to
know that something's happening. So like
whose idea is that? Whose idea is it to
do two cars? Like Yeah, totally. Well,
like the the the graphic treatment is
what we call it. Like that is a form of
um what? Like that's finding the
that's an incremental improvement.
That's different. That's like, oh, we've
been given this sweep stakes, now we're
going to make it as good as possible.
We're like, uh, Connor Dalt said,
propping up the ceiling. Okay, the
ceiling has been propped up for us.
We're going to make it as good as
possible with this awesome graphic
treatment, a great partnership plan.
We've got this unique retention
strategy. That's where my time and
energy is going right now. Uh, you know,
Sean decided we're going to give away
300,000 Lamborghini Sterado. So, it's
like, okay, that's that is in many ways
propping up the ceiling. Um, and then my
job is to like try to maximize that
opportunity. Yep. Yep.
>> If you know me, you know how cheap I am
and how much I love saving money. This
year is all about cutting costs and
staying lean. You've seen me talk about
it on Twitter. I cannot stand watching
great TDC brands, even mediocre ones,
get ripped off by SAS vendors in 2025.
So many of them are charging way too
much, overpromising, and
underdelivering. And so I can't stand to
see it. So I don't want to see it to
happen to you. I absolutely won't have
it happening to me. You've also seen
that I'm all in on AI. And both those
reasons are why I love Rich Panel so
much. It's about half the price of the
beautiful software that we used before
and it was built specifically with AI in
mind. We made the switch to rich panel
right before Black Friday last year and
I almost regret not switching sooner.
We've had zero downside. The imple
implementation was pretty immediate
which actually shocked me. I was a
little worried about it, not going to
lie, but it just went off without a
hitch. Uh we saved money. We leveled up
our CX at the same time. So here's our
numbers. We cut our CX team from 18 to
10 agents, not before Black Friday, but
since onboarding rich panel uh with our
order volume staying the same or even
going up. Our C has stayed rock solid at
4.2 out of five. I'd like a little bit
better, but that's that's stuff that we
can do. AI is handling 70% of the
tickets, which is awesome. So, our
ticket to order ratio has gone way down
from about 40% to 14%. Um, so we have
fewer full-timers. Our revenue employee
has gone out. we don't need as many
people to get back to people and able to
be a little bit more strategic with
where we allocate our resources. So, if
your current CF CX software needs more
people, is more expensive than you want
to pay, and has some janky AI solution,
I highly recommend that you check out
Rich Panel. Rich Panel guarantees a 30%
ticket reduction in the first 60 days or
your money back. Again, it's super easy
to switch. They take care of data
migration, staff training, all that good
stuff, so you can go live in under 14
days. So check out richpanel.com and
tell them you heard about him from the
marketing operators podcast.
>> I want to end maybe with this this
question that I think uh leads off this
last topic. Well, but so you've been at
Grunes for about half a year. Um a
little less I think you said. Uh so what
are the some of the most impactful
projects that you've worked on that
you've like innovated in um and have
like driven the team to to execute on or
that you've actually led yourself? And
then like how have you measured some of
these things and and are you finding
success with some of these new projects?
Like I know the I I saw the and we were
texting about it and I I saw it come out
publicly now so I think I can mention it
but like you guys did this massive uh
this massive study, right? I think that
was a huge a huge project
>> the the human clinical study.
>> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So like like
like could you speak to like some of
that and any of the other like projects
that you felt have that you've really
like driven and and have had an impact
and how you measured them?
>> Yeah, I mean I I think it all starts
from trying to set a vision for where we
want the brand to go. And to me we want
to be an anti-supplement supplement
brand. There are not many in the space
that you feel are fun and you can feel
human connection to. So, I think we've
got such a great opportunity to take
playbooks that other industries have
been deploying forever, you know,
beverage and CPG and uh suitcases and
wallets, and I think we're going to try
to apply that to the to the supplement
space. And so, arbitrageing attention
through a fun and engaging brand and
world-class performance and brand and
influencer and all of those pieces, but
then back it with, hey, this is a real
product that could do really great
things for me. And so, that's where the
human clinical came into into play.
Conor, I didn't lead the human clinical,
right? We we hired an an outside
reputable firm to to run that double
blind placebo for us.
>> But the marketing of it, right, like the
front end, like, okay, we did this
thing, but this thing means nothing if
we can't get it in like in front of
people.
>> Exactly. So, yeah, my team sits together
and we put together a roll out plan for
how we want to introduce this. So every
every piece of it, right, from Chad's
LinkedIn post to what the company was
going to be posting to how the site
experience would be built out to support
it to ads and emails that would
reference it where in the welcome flow
we would start to introduce the human
clinical. So yes, all of those pieces
were were intentional. I played a I
played a heavy hand there. The other
focus of mine is just playbooks and SOPs
for stuff that we believe are going to
be repeated business bets for us. It
sounds like you guys do it for sweep
stakes and things like you want to just
remember the little edge cases that
tripped you up as soon as you
encountered them. So for us, flavor
launches are going to be a really big
one for us as well as collabs. So
there's more to come from Grims Grims
throughout the uh the rest of the year.
So I've been really trying to, you know,
work with our teams to put together key
documents. I I leaned so much great
intel from you guys on your go to market
episode. So much of that um resonated,
Con McDonald. Thank you for all the
wisdom you bestowed on me for that. But
I' I've spent a lot of time there. And
so I think for the the launches that
you're going to see coming out of Guns
for the rest of the year, that's that's
been a really big endeavor for internal
teams. Um
yeah, I I I think that those are really
big points of emphasis. And then some of
those channel launches, getting CT off
the ground and what are the other ways
that we can drive upper funnel. Um how
do we leverage partnerships and
activations and do those thoughtfully to
unlock new audiences? Those are some of
the bigger uh crossf functional
initiatives that I've just played a
little bit of a stronger role in just
because again it requires prioritization
and resourcing from so many teams. So
that was kind of the missing piece um in
the team and hopefully the teams felt
that way since I've arrived is being
able to actually keep us all sort of
aligned on the same things. I've uh I've
got can I ask one
>> kind it's kind of the reverse of that
question. Um, I imagine jumping over to
Grun's working with a bunch of
world-class people. Super interesting.
If you were to go back to Hexcl or not
Hexcloud, Careowway tomorrow,
>> come to Hexcloud,
turn off Shopify.
>> Uh, no. What would you what would you
take from Grun's back to Careway? Like I
imagine you just got exposed to so many
new strategies and processes and things
like that. And is there anything where
you're like, "Oh, I would have loved to
have done that at the Cookware brand.
It's a good question. I feel that um
one of the things I'd maybe take back to
to Caraway is I think it's very hard to
convince Meta that your products if
they're all sort of housed on the same
site have different buying audiences.
And so for Careway, we spent so much
time trying to get stainless steel pans
sold and some of those products that
maybe have a bit of a masculine tilt and
get out of the world of ceramic, but it
just felt like we were always sort of
circling the same drains of customers
and no matter what we tried, it felt
very hard to break out of that. I know
Connor McDonald, you've spoken a lot
about how you guys approach that
architecturally within meta and things
like that. So I was always hesitant to
like fully pull the trigger and make
that happen. And I have to give Jordan
his flowers from Carowway. He was always
the one pushing like we need to go we
need to go really like shake the shake
the bottle over here and switch it up
and try a new pixel and all that stuff.
I think I would go back with a little
bit more of that mindset that's like
make a new IG handle, make a new pixel,
make a new site. Really try to
>> just give meta all the indication that
it needs that this is a brand new
audience as opposed to just sort of like
hammering impressions against your
existing audience over and over. And
that's from the segmentation of of
brands that you feel that way. Like new
tropes and goons are totally I mean
there's there's some overlap.
>> And even kids is a is that that's a
different site I think.
>> Yeah.
>> Same same domain just uh different
funnel within the page. But yeah, a lot
a lot of that is is informed by just
what we're discovering with some of
those personas and funnels and how
differentiated they can start to feel.
And it does feel like sometimes we do
unlock an incremental and net new
audience. And that was always a a harder
thing for us to figure out at Carowway.
>> Yeah, that's funny. That's a huge can of
worms, dude. Metaro,
>> you dropped You dropped that at the very
end.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> I I wanted to ask you guys a question
because we we've been talking about like
being leaders and I think we all have an
inclination to be hands-on, you know
what I mean? I um I learned a lot. I
read the Elon Musk Walter Isacson book
where he would have these like moments
of surges. I don't know if you guys have
ever read where he would find a part of
the business that was really needing
attention and he would go just like full
force and help to make sure that that
got uh you know those those wheels got
back on the tracks. Um I do feel like I
kind of operate in that way right where
there's teams or initiatives that I go
focus on and a lot of that was informed
by some feedback that I got from Chad.
So, um, I wanted to ask you guys if
there's just been impactful feedback
that you've received within your orgs or
in prior orgs that have, uh, been really
meaningful to you, because I've been
thinking a lot about feedback, both how
to receive it and how to give it. And
I'm I'm curious if there's been moments
that stick out to you guys in your long
and storied careers.
I I remember having a chat with um I
think he's he's he's the CFO of
Huckberry and I was just asking him
because I'm I'm buddies with Richard and
Richard was like you should really chat
with our our CFO and because he's like
he's a world-class CFO and he was the
one of the people who really opened up
my eyes to this whole like innovate uh
innovate like measure delegate cuz he
his role he's like I have all the basic
blocking and tackling cuz he's like CFO
SL ops guy. He's not just CFO. Like I
have all the basic blocking and tackling
of a CFO, right? Like I own the P&L. I
own budgeting, but he was also a great
ops guy. So he would basically, you
know, with the team sort of identify
areas of opportunity or areas that
really needed to improve. and he would
basically like the the terminology I've
heard used is like parachute in to a
part of the org and um like work on
something like whether it's a specific
problem or or whatever it was like build
out a system a process to like produce a
better outcome than they were currently
getting to the extent that they would
even like shift reporting into him for
like the extent of the project, right?
if it was six months or 12 months, like
the team would actually report into him
and then he would parachute back out and
they would actually rework who the org
shifted into or reported into to like
continue that going. So that that was
actually like a really impactful
conversation and then I started I've
started to like hear some overlap with
how other people um approach that. So
that helped me like think about like hey
where where should I be more or less
involved and like that can change over
time like it doesn't have to be like I
could be more involved in retention for
the back half of this year but then if
we do all the things that we think we
need to do like I don't have to be next
year. So that that was a that that's
been an impactful conversation that I've
like seen repeated in other
conversations I've had that was very
impactful. I would uh I have one fine
example. Um this would make for a really
great episode in the future though. Um
because I'm sure I have way more. We've
I it's been such a fantastic experience.
We've made a number of great hires over
the last two years that it's not even
via feedback. It's just like absorbing
knowledge by like working alongside
these people. And the example that I'll
give is our our COO who came from
MeUndies and was at JP Morgan. So like
banking background, like hardcore
finance, uh then was like basically went
like zero to one at me undies. So like
saw oversaw like really meaningful DTOC
growth. Um he does this really great job
of like empowering his team to lead and
I think I'll overindex and like like I
still lead like our weekly uh I lead our
weekly business review. So I'll like go
through a bunch of data and it's like
and that's there's benefits that I'm on
the call and I'm the guy and I'm talking
about it and that's the way the
organization's worked for a really long
time and we're going to hit this point
where I need to be like better
empowering and highlighting the team to
speak to these things and I've got a lot
of room to grow there but very much
conscious of it and I think that's been
a very cool thing to have again not via
feedback just like I observed it in a
call one day I was like oh wow the ma
like the COO is sitting back now and
like the manager's here running this
call and I think I could improve like
tenfold in that scenario.
>> Yeah, empowering is so huge. What about
you, Cody? No notes. You've never
received feedback. Just always like,
"Wow."
>> How we got like three extra episodes for
this to do. How long How long you got
How long will your wife let you go for?
>> Um
>> I hear a little turmoil out in the
kitchen.
>> Yeah. No, I mean I mean I think along
that line like similar to Connor, like I
think probably a lot of new leaders will
will do that where like you know they
have an ego and I was definitely this
way where like you want to be the one
who's speaking and things like that. And
I think definitely some feedback I got
and also just observing like other
leaders and and other people do it where
it's like I I try to make a really
conscious effort now to ask people on
the team especially junior people like
hey what do you think? And um a lot of
this like I I I've been mentored
hopefully I can say it on a gruin spot
but by Cat Cole who's CEO of Athletic
Greens and like she's just like a
fantastic leader and has like you know
years and years of like amazing uh
leadership experience. So, like she
she's done a really good job sharing
some stuff with me, but like the people
closest to the action probably have the
ideas a lot of the times and just don't
have the uh
always like the the space to speak up
and just giving them an opportunity and
saying like what do you think like even
if they're pretty junior and they're
close to it. Um I think that's that's
been like super helpful. So, I just try
and I think it's become a habit now, but
it just took a lot of practice of of
just asking people like pausing a
meeting, especially knowing if you're
the most senior person in the room, like
you know, a you should be speaking less,
but also like you're going to be the one
who can set the uh the vibe and the
intention of the meeting and so you're
the one who can actually pause and say
like, "Hey, Connor, what do you think
about this?"
>> Yeah.
>> Um and I I found that that is really
helpful and has just led to so many more
constructive meetings. Like even I'll
give you an example like I'm in like
product meetings and Bobb's in them and
like but it's like usually product team
is like okay whatever you want like they
don't say that but it's kind of like
that and I'll pause and obviously I can
do it cuz I'm her son but I'm just like
hey whatever like and I'll even go to
our associate cuz we have this like
associate who's like Jenz knows like all
of the beauty products in the market
right and I'm just like hey what do you
think and she's like no actually I
really like this and like it can just
like shift the the tone of a meeting or
the direction of it. So that's been just
super simple but really helpful one.
>> I love that. Yeah, we're a big no rules
rules company at Gruns. If you guys have
read the uh Netflix culture book and
feedback can come from anyone and
anywhere within the org. And I think
that's so important for us as leaders to
make sure that that's adopted because
otherwise, yeah, Cody, people stay
silent. And we probably have all uh
missed out on million-dollar ideas from
people lower in the ladder just by being
afraid to kind of uh speak out and
change direction.
>> Sweet. I like it.
>> All right, that was a fun one with
Connor Doll from Grunes. I think we
successfully leveled up and and won up
the the operators podcast with Chad from
last week. Thank you to our sponsors,
Motion, Pression AI, After Rich Panel,
and Revo. And if you're enjoying the
show, make sure to like, subscribe, and
share with your marketing friends.